{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2820
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green10\blue10;\red254\green254\blue254;\red59\green62\blue70;
\red225\green225\blue224;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c3930\c3930\c3920;\cssrgb\c99827\c99827\c99578;\cssrgb\c29521\c31098\c34554;
\cssrgb\c90395\c90394\c90169;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 UCDP-https://ucdp.uu.se/downloads/\
Citations- \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \'95 Davies, Shawn, Garoun Engstr\'f6m, Therese Pettersson & Magnus \'d6berg (2024). Organized violence 1989-2023, and the prevalence of organized crime groups. Journal of Peace Research 61(4).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'95 Gleditsch, Nils Petter, Peter Wallensteen, Mikael Eriksson, Margareta Sollenberg, and H\'e5vard Strand (2002) Armed Conflict 1946-2001: A New Dataset. Journal of Peace Research 39(5).\
\
GIni - https://ourworldindata.org/economic-inequality#explore-data-on-economic-inequality\
Cite - @article\{owid-economic-inequality,\
    author = \{Joe Hasell and Pablo Arriagada and Esteban Ortiz-Ospina and Max Roser\},\
    title = \{Economic Inequality\},\
    journal = \{Our World in Data\},\
    year = \{2023\},\
    note = \{https://ourworldindata.org/economic-inequality\}\
\}\
\
Undernourishment - https://ourworldindata.org/hunger-and-undernourishment\
Cite- @article\{owid-hunger-and-undernourishment,\
    author = \{Hannah Ritchie and Pablo Rosado and Max Roser\},\
    title = \{Hunger and Undernourishment\},\
    journal = \{Our World in Data\},\
    year = \{2023\},\
    note = \{https://ourworldindata.org/hunger-and-undernourishment\}\
\}\
\
CoW - https://correlatesofwar.org/data-sets/national-material-capabilities/\
Cite - 
\f1\i \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Singer, J. David, Stuart Bremer, and John Stuckey. (1972). \'93Capability Distribution, Uncertainty, and Major Power War, 1820-1965.\'94 in Bruce Russett (ed)\'a0Peace, War, and Numbers, Beverly Hills: Sage, 19-48.
\f0\i0 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa512\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 Singer, J. David. 1988. \'93Reconstructing the Correlates of War Dataset on Material Capabilities of States, 1816-1985\'94\'a0International Interactions, 14: 115-32.
\f0\i0 \cf4 \cb5 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
\
}